Add doc about the new tabs features (#573)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/concepts/controllers/admin-controllers/tabs.md

The $tabs property will be read from PrestaShop and the tabs will be automatically displayed on the side menu. They will stay as long as your module is installed.

## Automatic hiding of disabled modules
{{< minver v="1.7.7" title="true" >}}

> When you disable a module all its related Tabs will be automatically hidden, they are still in the database but their `enabled` field is set to `false` and the BackOffice menu automatically prevents them from being displayed.
> When the module is `enabled` again the Tabs are automatically displayed again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you disable a module, all its related Tabs will be automatically hidden from the Back Office menu. 

Tabs are kept in database with their `enabled` field is set to `false`. Once the module is enabled again all its Tabs are automatically enabled as well.
```

Author: Done

        $tab = new Tab($tabId);
        $tab->active = 1;
        $tab->class_name = 'MyModuleDemoController';
        // Only since 1.7.7, you can define a route name
        $tab->route_name = 'admin_my_symfony_routing';
        $tab->name = array();
        foreach (Language::getLanguages() as $lang) {

>             $tab->name[$lang['locale']] = $this->trans('My Module Demo', array(), 'Modules.MyModule.Admin', $lang['locale']);

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure multilingual fields are indexed using `id_lang`
```suggestion
            $tab->name[$lang['id_lang']] = $this->trans('My Module Demo', array(), 'Modules.MyModule.Admin', $lang['locale']);
```

Author: Yep so was I, which is why it was documented this way But actually when the `ModuleTabRegister` manages this property it automatically converts it with the appropriate id, it is able to do it with `locale` `language_code` and `iso_code`

So `id_lang` is the only one that doesn't work.. It will only get the first one in the array so all tabs have the same name

Author: https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/src/Adapter/Module/Tab/ModuleTabRegister.php#L251-L271

Reviewer 2: It seems you're not talking about the same thing.

In this code we deal with the ObjectModel `Tab`. Like all the other objects, it requires the id_lang to match a string for a specific lang.

This link (https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/src/Adapter/Module/Tab/ModuleTabRegister.php#L251-L271) is for automatic registration. :)

Author: Ooohh you're right I mixed it up The locale must be used only in `$tabs` I'm gonna fix this

Author: Done

And now you have your menu link directing to your Symfony controller with a nice url.

### Automatic tab registration
{{< minver v="1.7.7" title="true" >}}

> Modern controllers can also be registered via the `$tabs` property, you don't need to manually create the Tab object in this case, and you can take full advantage of the Symfony routing (no more `_legacy_link`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modern controllers can also be registered via the `$tabs` property. You don't need to manually create the Tab object in this case, and you can take full advantage of the Symfony routing (no need for `_legacy_link`).
```

Author: Done

> Here is an example with a Symfony controller (example comes from the `ps_linklist` module), nothing specific in this controller but you will note the security annotation `@AdminSecurity` that uses `request.get('_legacy_controller')` which will make the link between this controller and the routing configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is an example with a Symfony controller (example comes from the [ps_linklist](https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_linklist) module), nothing specific in this controller but you will note the security annotation `@AdminSecurity` that uses `request.get('_legacy_controller')` which will make the link between this controller and the routing configuration.
```

SEO ! 😄

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example with a Symfony controller (example comes from the [ps_linklist](https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_linklist) module). Nothing specific in this controller, but notice the security annotation `@AdminSecurity` that uses `request.get('_legacy_controller')` which will make the link between this controller and the routing configuration.
```

Author: Done

```php

> // yourmodule/src/Controller/Admin/Improve/Design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<?php
// yourmodule/src/Controller/Admin/Improve/Design
```

Otherwise syntax highlighting won't work

Author: With "```php" it seems to work.. but done

Author: Ok it doesn't work with new version.. Too bad

namespace PrestaShop\Module\LinkList\Controller\Admin\Improve\Design;

> use PrestaShopBundle\Controller\Admin\FrameworkBundleAdminController;
> use PrestaShopBundle\Security\Annotation\AdminSecurity;
> use PrestaShopBundle\Security\Annotation\ModuleActivated;
> use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\RedirectResponse;
> use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request;
> use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// (...)
```

Author: I'l just leave `AdminSecurity` as it's useful if you need to copy/paste it

/**
 * Class LinkBlockController.
 *
 * @ModuleActivated(moduleName="ps_linklist", redirectRoute="admin_module_manage")
 */
class LinkBlockController extends FrameworkBundleAdminController
{
    /**
     * @AdminSecurity("is_granted('read', request.get('_legacy_controller'))", message="Access denied.")
     *
     * @param Request $request
     *
     * @return Response
     */
    public function listAction(Request $request)
    {

>         //Get hook list, then loop through hooks setting it in in the filter
>         ...
> 
>         return $this->render('@Modules/ps_linklist/views/templates/admin/link_block/list.html.twig', [
>             'grids' => $presentedGrids,
>             'enableSidebar' => true,
>             'layoutHeaderToolbarBtn' => $this->getToolbarButtons(),
>             'help_link' => $this->generateSidebarLink($request->attributes->get('_legacy_controller')),
>         ]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // (...)
```

    }
}
```

> Now here is the routing configuration, we can see the `_legacy_controller` option, that will be used by the controller, is present with a value of `AdminLinkWidget` which will be used as our **class_name** for the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now here is the routing configuration. We can see the `_legacy_controller` option is present with a value of `AdminLinkWidget`. This will be used for the `AdminSecurity` annotation, but also as our Tab's **class_name**.
```

```yaml
# yourmodule/config/routes.yml
admin_link_block_list:
  path: /link-widget/list
  methods: [GET]
  defaults:
    _controller: 'PrestaShop\Module\LinkList\Controller\Admin\Improve\Design\LinkBlockController::listAction'
    # _legacy_controller is used to manage permissions
    _legacy_controller: AdminLinkWidget
    # No need for _legacy_link in this case
```

> Finally here is the `$tabs` property used for automatic registration, it still needs a `class_name` field that will be used for permission checking, it will also be used to create the default `AUTHORIZATION_ROLES` related to this **class_name**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, here is the `$tabs` property used for automatic registration. It still requires a `class_name` field: it will be used to create the default `AUTHORIZATION_ROLES` related to this **class_name**, and later to check for those permissions.
```

```php
// yourmodule/ps_linklist.php
use Language;

class Ps_Linklist extends Module
{
    public function __construct() {
        ...
        $tabNames = [];
        foreach (Language::getLanguages(true) as $lang) {

>             $tabNames[$lang['locale']] = $this->trans('Link List', array(), 'Modules.Linklist.Admin', $lang['locale']);

Reviewer: Again, id_lang
```suggestion
            $tabNames[$lang['id_lang']] = $this->trans('Link List', array(), 'Modules.Linklist.Admin', $lang['locale']);
```
Also, note that this won't work unless all the languages have been loaded in the translator beforehand...

Author: Yep, indeed but that's the best we can propose Unless your fix for tab translation is available in 177?

Although I tried this code with two languages (en and fr) and it worked fine (the wordings were in the core catalog maybe that helped)

Author: https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_linklist/pull/87 Tested in this PR

Reviewer 2: You do not have to loop on each language, the Tab register will handle it for you.
